Added details for Testbed Repo (#1338)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector: testbed/README.md

Each test case within the suite should create a `testbed.TestCase` and supply implementations of each of the various
interfaces the `NewTestCase` function takes as parameters.

> `testbed.TestCase` uses `LoadGenerator` and `MockBackend` to further encapsulate pluggable components. `LoadGenerator` further encapsulates `DataProvider` and `DataSender` in order to generate and send  data.  `MockBackend` further encapsulate `DataReceiver` and provide comsume functionality.

Reviewer: I wonder if it makes sense to put this in a `## Data Flow` section and talk about how data is generated by a `LoadGenerator` and consumed by a `MockBackend`, then point out how those two objects/structs wrap a dataProvider+sender and a receiver, respectively.

Author: Wow, sounds great! Let me modify it and make another commit, thank you!

> Within `testbed.TestCase`, it uses `LoadGenerator` and `MockBackend` to further encapsulate pluggable components. `LoadGenerator` further encapsulates `DataProvider` and `DataSender` in order to generate and send  data.  `MockBackend` further encapsulate `DataReceiver` and provide comsume functionality.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`testbed.TestCase` uses `LoadGenerator` and `MockBackend` to further encapsulate pluggable components. `LoadGenerator` further encapsulates `DataProvider` and `DataSender` in order to generate and send  data.  `MockBackend` further encapsulate `DataReceiver` and provide comsume functionality.
```

> For instance, if using the existing end-to-end test, the general pipeline can be (Note that MockBackend does not really have a consumer instance, only to make it intuitive, this diagram draws a separate module):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For instance, if using the existing end-to-end test, the general pipeline can be (Note that MockBackend does not really have a consumer instance, only to make it intuitive, this diagram draws it a separate module):
```

* `TestResultsSummary` - Records itemized test case results plus a summary of one category of testing.
  * `PerformanceResults` - Implementation of `TestResultsSummary` with fields suitable for reporting performance test results.
  * `CorrectnessResults` - Implementation of `TestResultsSummary` with fields suitable for reporting data translation correctness test results.

> ## Step-by-Step Instruction for development

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Adding new receivers and/or exporters to the testbed
```

> Generally, when designing a test for new exporter and receiver components, by taking use of existing implementation of testbed, developers should mainly focus on designing and implementing the components with yellow background in the diagram above:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Generally, when designing a test for new exporter and receiver components, developers should mainly focus on designing and implementing the components with yellow background in the diagram above as the other components are implemented by the testbed framework :
```

Author: > Any reason for the Untitled.md?

Sorry, my fault, I will tackle it! Thank you!

Author: Thank you for your suggestions @anuraaga , I have already revised the content and made new commits!
